applications: nrf_desktop: Enable DFU for nRF54L PDK (#14728)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Support for the nRF54L15 PDK with the ``nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp`` board target.
    The PDK can act as a sample mouse or keyboard.
    It supports the Bluetooth LE HID data transport and uses SoftDevice Link Layer with Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) enabled.
    The PDK uses MCUboot bootloader built in the direct-xip mode (``MCUBOOT+XIP``), and supports the firmware updates using the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.
  * The ``nrfdesktop-wheel-qdec`` DT alias support to :ref:`nrf_desktop_wheel`.
    You must use the alias to specify the QDEC instance used for scroll wheel, if your board supports multiple QDEC instances (for example ``nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp``).
    You do not need to define the alias if your board supports only one QDEC instance, because in that case, the wheel module can rely on the ``qdec`` DT label provided by the board.

* Updated:

  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option value in the nRF52840 Gaming Mouse configurations with the Fast Pair support.
    The value is now aligned with the Fast Pair requirements.

>   * Enabled configuration channel HID output report (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_CONFIG_CHANNEL_OUT_REPORT <config_desktop_app_options>`) for nRF Desktop peripherals with :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.
>     This mitigates HID report rate drops during DFU image transfer through nRF Desktop dongle.
>     The output report was also enabled for ``nrf52bkd_nrf52832`` in debug configuration for consistency with release configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Enabled the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_CONFIG_CHANNEL_OUT_REPORT <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option for the nRF Desktop peripherals with :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.
    The option mitigates HID report rate drops during DFU image transfer through the nRF Desktop dongle.
    The output report is also enabled for the ``nrf52kbd_nrf52832`` build target in the debug configuration to maintain consistency with the release configuration.
```
Tried to make it flow better, let me know in case the meaning is not as intended
